# AI Spam Detector - A Python and scikit-learn project

## Intro
AI Spam Detector is a small project created for the study and in-depth analysis of artificial intelligence applied to everyday use.
The project was strongly inspired by the in-depth machine learning of the Advent of Cyber 2023 of the Try Hack Me platform, 
in fact the csv files used for training and testing the machine learning model generated by this software were taken from one of the teaching rooms.
I will provide ASAP personal csv files with different records.

[THM - Advent of Cyber 2023 ](https://tryhackme.com/room/adventofcyber2023#)

[My THM profile](https://tryhackme.com/p/LoSpartano)

---

## Resources
The program was developed using:

* Python 3.11.6
* scikit-learn 1.3.2
* joblib 1.3.2
* numpy 1.24.2
* pandas 1.5.3

---

## How does it work?
Work in progress...

---

## How To:
1. First we need to download the project using git!

`git clone project_repository_url`

2. All the libraries necessary for correct operation can be downloaded using the requirements.txt file present in this project. Let's do it!

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

3. Perfect, now we should have everything we need to use AI Spam Detector. Let's try running the `detector.py` file. 
(I'm assuming you started terminal inside AI Spam Detector root directory!)

`Python3 ./detector.py`

4. AI Spam Detector should have given you feedback on the correct execution of the program, such as the creation of the machine learning model for identifyng spam messages and the related output accuracy metrics.
For more information I will go into more details about how this program works in a more specific paragraph.

---

## Contributions
Being a very basic project and created as a personale case study, I don't expect to receive requests to contribute to the development and improvement of the code, 
I remain open in case anyone wants to participate by sharing their experiences in machine learning field.